Add section for Bottles support (#20)
HansKristian-Work/pyroveil: README.md

In this case, `cache/` folder next to pyroveil.json must also be copied.
It is likely easier to simply use the path that you checked out for the `pyroveil.json`. E.g.

`PYROVEIL=1 PYROVEIL_CONFIG=/path/to/pyroveil/checkout/hacks/monster-hunter-wilds-nv/pyroveil.json %command%`

## To use with Bottles (Flatpak)

Some manual workarounds will be required to make this work with a Bottles setup.

> Assuming you have gove through the [checkout and build](#checkout-and-build) section, you will now have two files in the `DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX` directory:
> * `$DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX/lib/libVkLayer_pyroveil_64.so`
> * `$DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX/share/vulkan/implicit_layer.d/VkLayer_pyroveil_64.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming you have gone through the [checkout and build](#checkout-and-build) section, you will now have two files in the `CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX` directory:
* `$CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX/lib/libVkLayer_pyroveil_64.so`
* `$CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX/share/vulkan/implicit_layer.d/VkLayer_pyroveil_64.json`
```
